everybody so today I have a kind of
quick announcement and kind of exciting
news I'm holding a little giveaway so a
couple of videos ago I posted my hair
care routine and I mentioned all the
products that I use for my hair and how
I keep my hair healthy and long and
everything I've been asked a lot of
questions about my argan oil that I use
because I've used this in a few videos
and I'm just obsessed with my argan oil
i use it for everything i use it i used
in the nails toral because I I use it
for my nails and I use it for my hair at
the ends of my hair and stuff I used it
for under my eyes for my body i use
organ well for everything i just love it
um it's just pure it's natural and it's
super nourishing and moisturizing it
keeps your hair strong and healthy your
skin amazing and I'm just like obsessed
with it I put it on my eyelashes I feel
like it helps them like be strong and I
don't know I just like obsesses argan
oil and so a lot of people ask me about
my argan oil and where I get it and
everything and even though I put the
link below I feel like a lot of people
aren't able to afford it or aren't able
to like purchase this or whatever so I
want you to do a little quick giveaway
for you guys I'm going to be giving away
one bottle of argan oil obviously not
this one condition you can see this
one's used it's mine and I'm just going
to be giving you guys a new one so you
have to be subscribed to me like this
video and leave a quick comment below
why you like argan oil or why you want
to try it or something you can enter
once a day for the next four weeks and
then have it open for a month and so you
can basically that means you obviously
can only like subscribe to me once and
like this video once but you can leave a
comment once a day every day for the
next four weeks so you will have
multiple chances of winning in your
chance of winning is higher the more
comments you leave so don't leave like a
ton of comments per day just leave one
per day so that's pretty much it and oh
if you don't really know much about this
product i just mentioned a few things
that i use it for but I get us by the
brand Eden allure and it's pure argan
oil from Morocco and it's fairly traded
and put the link for this product below
in case you just want to buy it now
we're in case you want to look it up or
whatever i'll have the link below if
you're interested in i hope you guys are
having an awesome week and thanks so
much for watching and i will talk to you
soon